Congratulations on making
it to the end of course.
We've covered a lot of
topics along the way.
First, you started out by learning
what Linux is, how it came to be, and
some of its strengths and weaknesses.
Then you learned how to gain
access to a Linux system so
you could practice your skills.
You got an introduction to
the command line interface and
started using some basic commands.
Next, you learned how to
manipulate files and directories.
You also learned how to use the nano,
vi, and emacs editors.
You conquered obscure
Linux permissions and
learned about I/O redirection and pipes.
Along the way you learned about how
to customize your environment, and
picked up some tips at becoming
efficient at the command line.
At this point, you not only know
the fundamentals of the Linux operating
system, but you can also use your
knowledge to accomplish worthwhile tasks.
Please let me know how this
course has helped you, and
if there is anything I can do for you.
I hope to see you again in
another one of my courses.
Thanks.